docs: Document timestamp ordering rules (#1521)
grafana/loki: docs/architecture.md

will be created in the backing store. See [Querier](#querier) for how data is
deduplicated.

> The ingesters validate that timestamps for each log line receives maintain a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ingesters validate timestamps for each log line received maintains a
```

will be created in the backing store. See [Querier](#querier) for how data is
deduplicated.

#### Timestamp Ordering

In general, all lines pushed to Loki for a given stream must have a newer
timestamp than the line received before it. There are, however, two exceptions

> to this rule:

Reviewer: `There are, however, two cases for handling logs for the same stream with identical nanosecond timestamps:`

1. If the incoming line exactly matches the previously received line (matching
   both the previous timestamp and log text), the incoming line will be treated
   as a duplicate log and ignored. To avoid having this happen, logs should be

>    pushed to Loki with at least millisecond precision.

Reviewer: I think maybe alter this to say `... treated as an exact duplicate and ignored.` and then remove the last sentence completely.
